So that's our website basically
and we have a nice design,
we have a responsive design and that's implemented for all our pages right here.
So you could say this is fine,
why would we change that?
The reason is that if we go to our code and right here into the shared.css file for example, we have
code in there which is not perfect as I would say or which can be improved because if we go to our main
header for example, right here, then specifically have a look at this
display inline block part,
this is something we could change with flexbox because inline block is a nice way to change the
position of elements but flexbox can make things like that easier.
Now you could say why would I change that,
this looks fine and I would agree but if we go down to the navigation for example, right here to our
main navigation right there, where we have our calculation right here with the pixels in it,
well I'm not sure if that's the best way to create your website because wouldn't it be great to make
sure our navigation items, so these items right here, are aligned the way they are right now
but without having this strange calculation right there which is not nice to change and which definitely
is not the best way to write our code right here.
The same thing is true for the main.css and the customers.css file.
For example, if we scroll down here to testimonial info, we have the display inline block repeated right
here and right there
and that's also part of the code that I would like to get rid of. We will not even look at the start
hosting file, this CSS file because Max will show you how to change this with the so-called grid
in the next module,
so this is not something we'll focus on to now.
So our goal basically is to make the code right here leaner or better in the shared.css file,
for example this one
and also get rid of all our display
inline block declarations or properties, like this one right here, that we have.
So that's the current situation of our website basically,
we also have for example right here some minor issues where we can see that the free plans are aligned
vertically, that's working
but as you can see this right premium plan, right here, is a little bit smaller than the free plan,
so I would also like to have these plans on the same level.
So these are all the small things I would like to change,
I would like to get rid of the display inline block declaration,
I would like to make sure that small issues like these are changed and therefore, I would like to show
you what flexbox is, how it works and how we can use it to make our code leaner and more efficient
in the end and better to read and interpret. Therefore, what we have to do right now is we have to understand
what flexbox actually is.
Now let's have a look at that in the next lecture.